[`Docs`] Clarify 4bit docs (#24878)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/main_classes/quantization.md

- Latest `bitsandbytes` library
`pip install bitsandbytes>=0.39.0`

- Install latest `accelerate`
`pip install --upgrade accelerate`

- Install latest `transformers` from source 
`pip install --upgrade transformers`

#### Tips and best practices

- **Advanced usage:** Refer to [this Google Colab notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1ge2F1QSK8Q7h0hn3YKuBCOAS0bK8E0wf) for advanced usage of 4-bit quantization with all the possible options.

> - **Faster inference with batch_size = 1 :** Since the `0.40.0` release of bitsandbytes, for `batch_size=1` you can benefit from fast inference. Check out [these release notes](https://github.com/TimDettmers/bitsandbytes/releases/tag/0.40.0), just make sure to have a version that is greater than `0.40.0` and you should benefit from that out of the box. 

Reviewer: turbo nit:

```suggestion
- **Faster inference with `batch_size=1` :** Since the `0.40.0` release of bitsandbytes, for `batch_size=1` you can benefit from fast inference. Check out [these release notes](https://github.com/TimDettmers/bitsandbytes/releases/tag/0.40.0) and make sure to have a version that is greater than `0.40.0` to benefit from this feature out of the box. 
```

> - **Training:** According to [QLoRA paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.14314), for training using 4-bit base models (e.g. using LoRA adapters) one should use `nf4` for `bnb_4bit_quant_type`. 

Reviewer: turbo nit:
```suggestion
- **Training:** According to [QLoRA paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.14314), for training 4-bit base models (e.g. using LoRA adapters) one should use `bnb_4bit_quant_type='nf4'`. 
```

> - **Inference:** For inference, `bnb_4bit_quant_type` does not have a huge impact on the performance. However for consistency with the model's weights, make sure to use the same `bnb_4bit_compute_dtype` and `torch_dtype` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Inference:** For inference, `bnb_4bit_quant_type` does not have a huge impact on the performance. However for consistency with the model's weights, make sure you use the same `bnb_4bit_compute_dtype` and `torch_dtype` arguments.
```
